Add `tiup ctl pd` command in tiup page (#4877)
pingcap/docs: scale-tidb-using-tiup.md

>
> When adding a TiFlash node to an existing TiDB cluster, you need to note the following things:
>

> > 1. Confirm that the current TiDB version supports using TiFlash, otherwise upgrade your TiDB cluster to v5.0.0-rc or later versions.

Reviewer: v5.0.0-rc is not GA yet. We generally recommend users to use the stable version.
```suggestion
> 1. Confirm that the current TiDB version supports using TiFlash. Otherwise, upgrade your TiDB cluster to v4.0 or later versions.
```

> > 2. Execute the `tiup ctl pd -u <pd-host>:<pd-port> config set enable-placement-rules true` command to enable the PD's Placement Rules. Or execute the corresponding command through [pd-ctl](/pd-control.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 2. Execute the `tiup ctl pd -u <pd-host>:<pd-port> config set enable-placement-rules true` command to enable the Placement Rules feature. Or execute the corresponding command in [pd-ctl](/pd-control.md).
```
